hi everybody today i want to recap in
comedy action movie called kingsman the
golden circle hope you enjoy
[Music]
a year after defeating richmond
valentine gary eggsy onwin has
officially joined kingsman having taken
his late mentor harry hart's position of
galahad as well as harry's old house and
is dating tilda crown princess of sweden
whom he saved from valentine
on his way home from the taylor shop he
is ambushed by charlie hesketh a
rejected kingsman applicant who lost his
right arm and vocal cords during the
valentine incident
eggsy evades charlie and his henchmen in
a car chase across london but charlie's
cybernetic arm severed in the skirmish
hacks into the kingsman servers through
the computer in eggsy's car
with the information thereby gained
poppy adams the leader of the world's
largest drug cartel the golden circle
launches missiles that destroy kingsman
headquarters and kill all the agents in
britain including eggsy's best friend
roxy and his other friend brandon who
was at eggsy's house to look after his
dog while eggsy was away in sweden with
tilda
eggsy and his colleague merlin are the
only two survivors of the attack
by following an emergency doomsday
protocol the two make contact with
statesmen the american counterpart of
kingsman which uses a kentucky based
bourbon whiskey business as a front
there they discover that harry survived
his shooting by valentine thanks to
statesman technology but has amnesia
that can be cured only by reliving a
traumatic event
statesman head champagne offers the
organization support to bring down the
golden circle
statesman agent tequila develops a blue
rash and shows signs of mania
ultimately being replaced by another
agent whiskey as eggsy's partner
eggsy plants a tracking device in
charlie's ex-girlfriend clara von
gluckefer during a sexual encounter at
glastonbury festival
but is estranged from tilda after
telling her beforehand what he has to do
merlin attempts to cure harry's amnesia
by flooding his bedroom
mirroring an element of kingsman agent
training but the exercise fails
eggsy eventually succeeds by threatening
to shoot a cairn terrier puppy that
resembles harry's late dog mr pickle
causing harry to relive the final test
of his kingsman training in which he was
ordered to shoot his dog
during their next mission poppy
broadcasts a message announcing she has
added a toxin to all her drugs which
causes users to develop symptoms like
tequila's before succumbing to paralysis
and subsequently death
she offers the antidote to the world if
the president of the united states will
end the war on drugs and grant her
cartel immunity from prosecution
the president publicly negotiates but
secretly intends to let the infected die
as he is willing to eliminate all drug
users and thus render poppy's business
useless
he quarantines many victims including
his chief of staff in a stadium and
leaves them there to die
harry eggsy and whiskey track clara to a
golden circle facility in the italian
alps
eggsy manages to steal a sample of the
antidote but whiskey destroys it during
an attack by the golden circle's
henchmen leading harry to suspect him of
being a traitor and breaking the sample
on purpose
harry shoots whiskey in the head but
eggsy believing harry to be delusional
due to an incomplete recovery saves him
with the same technology that statesman
used to save harry
[Music]
charlie kills clara by destroying the
facility to prevent any more samples
from being taken and leave no traces
behind
eggsy harry and merlin discover the
location of poppy's hideout in cambodia
poppy land and fly there
while reconnoitering poppy land eggsy
steps on a landmine but merlin
sacrifices himself to save him and harry
while taking out a squad of poppy's
guards and singing his favorite john
denver song at the same time
eggsy fights and kills charlie is
revenge for his fallen comrades while
harry destroys poppy's robotic attack
dogs with the help of elton john whom
poppy had kidnapped during valentine's
attack and forced to sing for her
they secure the laptop controlling the
drones that can deliver the antidote
worldwide then inject poppy with a
concentrated dose of her toxicity and
hair storms
as they kill all the guards they meet
the delirious poppy gives them the
laptop password for the antidote but
dies from an accidental overdose
whiskey interrupts them before they can
deploy the drones revealing that his
wife pregnant with their son was killed
in a robbery committed by two
methamphetamine users years ago which
caused him to develop a personal
vendetta against all drug users wanting
them to die
a furious fight breaks out
ending with harry and eggsy dropping
whiskey into poppy's meat grinder
they then activate the drones delivering
the antidote worldwide
in the aftermath the president is
impeached and arrested for conspiring to
let the victims die and statesman
purchases a distillery in scotland to
help rebuild kingsman statesman tech
support specialist ginger ale is
appointed the new agent whiskey
eggsy marries tilda
and a cured tequila joins kingsman which
acquires a new tailor shop in london
thanks for watching consider to
subscribe and see you again in the next
video